whats up youtube welcome to manga update
number one and in my last video blog i
asked for some recommendations of some
good manga series that you guys enjoy
you know you might think that i enjoy
and i got a lot of recommendations so i
managed to pick up a few manga books so
these videos are going to be coming out
once a month very similar to my monthly
pick up videos and i'm not going to be
upset if all of you guys don't want to
see these manga updates it's cool i know
not everyone enjoys reading manga or
listening about it or talking about it
for that matter but it's something that
I'm enjoying and while it's not changing
the whole dynamics of my channel you
know I do want to just have a separate
video every month talking about some of
the manga that I've picked up reasons so
I guess I'll start things off with a
series that a couple people told me that
I might enjoy and that's fruits basket I
got volume 1 and volume 2 I haven't
fully completed vol one yet just because
it's not really catching me like I
thought it would basically it's about
this chick right here that is kind of
like an orphan I don't want to call her
orphan but her mom died she had nowhere
to go and she moves in with the Sohma
family and they're kind of like they
transform into animals from the zodiac
sign it's not really that interesting
but imma keep reading it and finish
volume 2 just to see if I like it and if
i do then i'll go ahead and start
collecting for the series after
absolutely loving death note i got the
first volume a while back i showed you
guys that in my last video blog i went
ahead and got on amazon com because they
had the 443 promotion deal going on and
I think it's still going on so I got
volume 2 of death note and volume 3 now
I haven't gotten around to reading into
one of these because I'm in the middle
of reading to other mongers but um I
can't wait to get into this volume 1 was
so great like I actually enjoyed that I
read it all in one day I couldn't get
enough of it so I can't wait to see what
goes on in here basically if you guys
want to know how
feel about the first volume of death
note you can go ahead and check out my
manga review for that on my site wwan
for fun nap and I definitely let you
guys know what these two have to offer
my opinions on them over there so
another popular series that people were
pointed me in the direction of was one
piece so I got one piece I think this is
romance dawn vol 11 piece vol 2 buggy
the clown one piece vol 3 don't get
fooled again which I am currently
reading and one piece volume for the
black cat pirates haven't gotten around
it for yet like I said I'm reading vol 3
and I really enjoy it I plan on putting
up a review for these on the site really
good books a lots of adventure a lots of
fighting great humor her there's a
animate for this as well I don't know if
I'm going to check that out but I really
do like the series I like the writing in
its it's really funny basically it's all
about this guy Luffy who wants to be
like the top pirate and he is searching
around for pirates to add for his crew
or whatever to go and find one piece
which is basically the greatest treasure
ever that any pirate could absolutely
get and just the fact that he's going
around on these different adventures he
ate this fruit this gum gum fruit that's
a forbidding type of fruit that lets him
have these crazy abilities he stretches
out just craziness going on in this
manga series it's really a lot of fun
like I said I've only read three of them
so just from those three alone i can
definitely recommend the series I'm
having a lot of fun reading reading
through it it's really quick to read
through and finally another series that
I picked up only got two volumes out of
the series thus far my plan on
definitely getting more it's monster so
I got volume 1 and volume 2 and as you
can see by my little homemade bookmark
there i'm still reading through volume 1
and it is crazy it's like this
psychological
murder type of thing going on set in
Germany really great the writing in this
is amazing i love i love the art it's
really cool and I heard this author
don't sue me if I get the name wrong but
it's Naoki your asawa I don't know but I
heard he has some other great series out
there like Pluto which I was going to
get but I decided not to just to read a
couple more of these monster series or a
monster of volumes um he also has 20th
century boys which I want to get into
this just a lot that this author has to
offer and absolutely amazing definitely
a grown-up type of manga series that i
can recommend if you're into like
suspense and like thriller mystery type
of stuff really good so that's all the
manga that i picked up for this month
January so last day in January February
is right around the corner tomorrow
actually and I plan on getting some more
manga and at the end of februari you
guys will see another update video from
me now as far as my channel goes I was
planning on doing a monthly pick up
video for january but i think i'm going
to hold off and put january in February
together in one big video because to be
honest I didn't really buy that many
games in January so you're going to be
seeing a huge monthly pick up video for
january-february at the end of februari
so I hope you guys are looking forward
to that I'm going to head on out of here
it's a sunday afternoon I want to get
some time in playing video games I want
to read some manga do what I gotta do I
will check you guys later don't know
when it's gonna be sometime this week
I'll have some type of video coming up
but until next time peace